cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.UNDEFINED:Undefined
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.FOUR_1:Four aces
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.FOUR_KING:Four kings
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.FOUR_QUEEN:Four queens
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.FOUR_JACK:Four jacks
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.FOUR_10:Four tens
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.FOUR_9:Four nines
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.FOUR_8:Four eights
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.FOUR_7:Four sevens
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.HUNDRED:Flush with five cards of a same suit
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.FIFTY:Flush with four cards of a same suit
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBelote.THIRTY:Flush with three cards of a same suit
cards.belote.enumerations.DeclaresBeloteRebelote.BELOTE_REBELOTE:Belote rebelote
cards.belote.enumerations.BeloteTrumpPartner.NO_UNDERTRUMP_NO_OVERTRUMP:Neither overtrumping nor undertrumping
cards.belote.enumerations.BeloteTrumpPartner.OVERTRUMP_ONLY:Only overtrumping
cards.belote.enumerations.BeloteTrumpPartner.UNDERTRUMP_ONLY:Only undertrumping
cards.belote.enumerations.BeloteTrumpPartner.UNDERTRUMP_OVERTRUMP:Overtrumping and undertrumping
cards.belote.enumerations.BidBelote.FOLD:Pass
cards.belote.enumerations.BidBelote.SUIT:Trump suit
cards.belote.enumerations.BidBelote.OTHER_SUIT:Other trump suit
cards.belote.enumerations.BidBelote.NO_TRUMP:No trump
cards.belote.enumerations.BidBelote.ALL_TRUMP:All trump
cards.belote.enumerations.BonusBelote.LAST_TRICK:Ten points at last trick
cards.belote.enumerations.DealingBelote.CLASSIC_2_VS_2:2 against 2
cards.belote.enumerations.DealingBelote.COINCHE_2_VS_2:2 against 2
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.HEART_JACK:Heart Jack
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.HEART_9:Heart 9
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.HEART_1:Heart Ace
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.HEART_10:Heart 10
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.HEART_KING:Heart King
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.HEART_QUEEN:Heart Queen
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.HEART_8:Heart 8
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.HEART_7:Heart 7
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.SPADE_JACK:Spade Jack
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.SPADE_9:Spade 9
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.SPADE_1:Spade Ace
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.SPADE_10:Spade 10
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.SPADE_KING:Spade King
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.SPADE_QUEEN:Spade Queen
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.SPADE_8:Spade 8
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.SPADE_7:Spade 7
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.DIAMOND_JACK:Diamond Jack
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.DIAMOND_9:Diamond 9
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.DIAMOND_1:Diamond Ace
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.DIAMOND_10:Diamond 10
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.DIAMOND_KING:Diamond King
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.DIAMOND_QUEEN:Diamond Queen
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.DIAMOND_8:Diamond 8
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.DIAMOND_7:Diamond 7
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.CLUB_JACK:Club Jack
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.CLUB_9:Club 9
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.CLUB_1:Club Ace
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.CLUB_10:Club 10
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.CLUB_KING:Club King
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.CLUB_QUEEN:Club Queen
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.CLUB_8:Club 8
cards.belote.enumerations.CardBelote.CLUB_7:Club 7
