cards.tarot.enumerations.ChoiceTarot.SAVE_SMALL:Save the trump Ace
cards.tarot.enumerations.ChoiceTarot.HUNT_SMALL:Hunt the trump Ace
cards.tarot.enumerations.ChoiceTarot.LEAD_SMALL_BOUND:Lead the trump Ace to the bound
cards.tarot.enumerations.BidTarot.FOLD:Pass
cards.tarot.enumerations.BidTarot.TAKE:Take
cards.tarot.enumerations.BidTarot.GUARD:Guard
cards.tarot.enumerations.BidTarot.GUARD_WITHOUT:Guard without
cards.tarot.enumerations.BidTarot.GUARD_AGAINST:Guard against
cards.tarot.enumerations.BidTarot.SLAM:Slam
cards.tarot.enumerations.EndDealTarot.ATTACK_LOOSE:The attack team loses
cards.tarot.enumerations.EndDealTarot.ATTACK_WIN:The attack teams wins
cards.tarot.enumerations.EndDealTarot.ZERO:No team wins
cards.tarot.enumerations.Miseres.TRUMP:Trump
cards.tarot.enumerations.Miseres.POINT:Points
cards.tarot.enumerations.Miseres.CHARACTER:Character
cards.tarot.enumerations.Miseres.SUIT:Suit
cards.tarot.enumerations.Miseres.LOW_CARDS:Low cards
cards.tarot.enumerations.ModeTarot.NORMAL:Normal
cards.tarot.enumerations.ModeTarot.NORMAL_WITH_MISERE:Normal with discarding
cards.tarot.enumerations.ModeTarot.NORMAL_WITH_ONE_FOR_ONE:Normal with one for one
cards.tarot.enumerations.ModeTarot.MISERE:Discarding
cards.tarot.enumerations.ModeTarot.ONE_FOR_ONE:One for one
cards.tarot.enumerations.Handfuls.NO:No Handful
cards.tarot.enumerations.Handfuls.ONE:Handful
cards.tarot.enumerations.Handfuls.TWO:Double Handful
cards.tarot.enumerations.Handfuls.THREE:Triple Handful
cards.tarot.enumerations.Handfuls.FOUR:Quadruple Handful
cards.tarot.enumerations.BonusTarot.SLAM:Slam
cards.tarot.enumerations.BonusTarot.SMALL_BOUND:Trump Ace to end
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_1_VS_2:1 against 2
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_1_VS_3:1 against 3
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_2_VS_2_WITHOUT_CALL:2 against 2 without call
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_2_VS_2_CALL_KING:2 against 2 call king first
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_2_VS_2_CALL_CHAR:2 against 2 call any character
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_1_VS_4:1 against 4
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_2_VS_3_CALL_KING:2 against 3 call king first
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_2_VS_3_CALL_CHAR:2 against 3 call any character
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_2_VS_4_WITHOUT_CALL:2 against 4 without call
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_2_VS_4_CALL_KING:2 against 4 call king first
cards.tarot.enumerations.DealingTarot.DEAL_2_VS_4_CALL_CHAR:2 against 4 call any character
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.EXCUSE:Excuse
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_21:Trump 21
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_20:Trump 20
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_19:Trump 19
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_18:Trump 18
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_17:Trump 17
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_16:Trump 16
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_15:Trump 15
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_14:Trump 14
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_13:Trump 13
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_12:Trump 12
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_11:Trump 11
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_10:Trump 10
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_9:Trump 9
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_8:Trump 8
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_7:Trump 7
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_6:Trump 6
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_5:Trump 5
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_4:Trump 4
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_3:Trump 3
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_2:Trump 2
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.TRUMP_1:Trump Ace
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_KING:Heart King
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_QUEEN:Heart Queen
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_KNIGHT:Heart Knight
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_JACK:Heart Jack
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_10:Heart 10
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_9:Heart 9
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_8:Heart 8
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_7:Heart 7
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_6:Heart 6
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_5:Heart 5
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_4:Heart 4
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_3:Heart 3
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_2:Heart 2
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.HEART_1:Heart Ace
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_KING:Spade King
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_QUEEN:Spade Queen
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_KNIGHT:Spade Knight
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_JACK:Spade Jack
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_10:Spade 10
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_9:Spade 9
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_8:Spade 8
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_7:Spade 7
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_6:Spade 6
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_5:Spade 5
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_4:Spade 4
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_3:Spade 3
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_2:Spade 2
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.SPADE_1:Spade Ace
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_KING:Diamond King
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_QUEEN:Diamond Queen
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_KNIGHT:Diamond Knight
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_JACK:Diamond Jack
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_10:Diamond 10
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_9:Diamond 9
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_8:Diamond 8
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_7:Diamond 7
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_6:Diamond 6
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_5:Diamond 5
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_4:Diamond 4
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_3:Diamond 3
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_2:Diamond 2
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.DIAMOND_1:Diamond Ace
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_KING:Club King
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_QUEEN:Club Queen
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_KNIGHT:Club Knight
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_JACK:Club Jack
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_10:Club 10
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_9:Club 9
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_8:Club 8
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_7:Club 7
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_6:Club 6
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_5:Club 5
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_4:Club 4
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_3:Club 3
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_2:Club 2
cards.tarot.enumerations.CardTarot.CLUB_1:Club Ace
